Docs upgrade (#3370)
modrinth/code: apps/docs/src/content/docs/contributing/minotaur.mdx

---
title: Minotaur (Gradle plugin)
description: Minotaur contributing guide
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Minotaur](https://github.com/modrinth/minotaur) is the [Gradle](https://gradle.org/) plugin used to automatically publish artifacts to Modrinth.

> The codebase is kept at [Minotaur](https://github.com/modrinth/minotaur).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The codebase is kept in the [modrinth/minotaur GitHub repo](https://github.com/modrinth/minotaur).
```
